# Netflix-Tv-Shows-and-Movies
With the advent of streaming platforms, there’s no doubt that Netflix has become one of the important platforms for streaming. The dataset that we have used for EDA and clustering has been collected by Flixable, a third-party Netflix search engine. There are 12 features and around 7700 observations in the dataset and are mostly textual features.
The open-source nature of Android OS has attracted wider adoption of the system by multiple kinds of developers. This occurrence has further promoted an exponential in the number of devices running the Android OS into different sectors of the economy. Even if this progress brings some amazing technological improvements and simplicity of doing businesses and social relationships, they have however become a powerful channel for the unconstrained cyberattacks and surveillance against business and the individual users of these mobile devices. Many cyberattacks techniques exist but attacks through malicious applications have taken a jump in recent years. Android malware has done progress in sophistication and intelligence that they have become highly immune to current detection systems. 

Machine Learning techniques have emerged to provide more capable choices for tackling this kind of malware applications that are intelligent enough. The models created through Machine Learning algorithms work by first learning the patterns of malware behavior and then use this information to identify any such similar behavior from other applications. This document provides a complete review of the Machine Learning Techniques to detect Malware applications.  

Since android comes cheaper than the other OS’s, many people prefer android devices to other OS like apple, windows, etc. Since many people have started using android, malware attacks have also started increasing. In this project, we will try to utilize the android dataset and come up with the best model and metrics.
